+++
title = "Starting's the hardest part"
date = "2018-08-11"
author = "Pedro"
+++

## Here goes nothing
After several years of wanting to start a blog, I've finally done it!  Static site generated by Hugo, hosted on Google Cloud Storage, built by Cloud Build.  In the process I got to use Cloud Container Registry, I set up a [github repo](https://github.com/peterlebrun/thepedroblog), created the cloudbuild.yaml, and now I am just writing a markdown file that will turn into a blog post as soon as I push to master.

## Why do a blog
I heard a lot of people get rich and famous from doing a blog.  I don't care much about getting famous, but I have three primary interests here:

1. Improve my markdown skills
2. Do more writing
3. Document my projects

## Improve my markdown skills
As an engineer, my day job requires me to write lots of documentation.  One of the best formats for that is markdown.  While I know the markdown basics, I usually have to Google a reference and do a number of iterations.  By writing regular blog posts using markdown, I can beef up these skills and have links and ordered lists and code blocks be second nature.

## Do more writing
I hated english class in high school.  But since I have entered the world of emails, documentation, and powerpoints, I'm coming to appreciate more of the value of writing, and writing regularly.  There are lots of things I'd like to capture, but I never spent the time doing any blogging because "I really need to finish writing my own blogging framework and setting up terraform so I can spin up EC2 instances...".  Anyway, the more I write, hopefully the better my writing will get.

## Document my projects
I like doing projects.  Any success I've had at work has come from doing big projects, and at home I'm always doing projects.  Coding projects, learning new skills (like sewing), art projects, etc.  Why not take some pictures and show them to you all?  That way you can all take a look and say "hm that's interesting pedro..."

Anyway that's my first blog post.  Now I've got started.  Gonna push this to master and in 60 seconds I'll have a new static site generated.